API docs migration 3 (#4224)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/articles/multi-screen-window-placement/index.md

---
layout: 'layouts/blog-post.njk'
title: Managing several displays with the Multi-Screen Window Placement API
subhead: Get information about connected displays and position windows relative to those displays.
authors:
  - thomassteiner
description: The Multi-Screen Window Placement API allows you to enumerate the displays connected to your machine and to place windows on specific screens.
date: 2020-09-14
updated: 2022-11-01
tags:
  - capabilities
hero: image/admin/9wQYJACMKOM6aUA0BPsW.jpg
alt: Simulated trading desk showing multiple fake cryptocurrencies and their price charts.
feedback:
  - api
---

> {% Aside 'success' %} The Multi-Screen Window Placement API was part of the
> [capabilities project](/blog/fugu-status/) and is now launched. {% endAside %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside 'success' %} The Multi-Screen Window Placement API was part of the
[capabilities project](/blog/fugu-status/) and is now available from Chrome 100. {% endAside %}
```

## Multi-Screen Window Placement API

The Multi-Screen Window Placement API allows you to enumerate the displays connected to your machine
and to place windows on specific screens.

{% Aside %} The Multi-Screen Window Placement API is distinct from the proposed
[Viewport Segments Property](https://github.com/WICG/visual-viewport/blob/gh-pages/segments-explainer/SEGMENTS-EXPLAINER.md),
which is concerned with the representation of the regions of the window that reside on separate
(adjacent) displays, for example, on foldable devices. {% endAside %}

### Suggested use cases {: #use-cases }

Examples of sites that may use this API include:

- Multi-window graphics editors à la
  [Gimp](https://www.gimp.org/release-notes/gimp-2.8.html#single-window-mode) can place various
  editing tools in accurately positioned windows.
- Virtual trading desks can show market trends in multiple windows any of which can be viewed in
  fullscreen mode.
- Slideshow apps can show speaker notes on the internal primary screen and the presentation on an
  external projector.

> ## Current status {: #status }
> 
> <div>
> 
> | Step                                     | Status                           |
> | ---------------------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
> | 1. Create explainer                      | [Complete][explainer]            |
> | 2. Create initial draft of specification | [Complete][spec]                 |
> | 3. Gather feedback & iterate on design   | [In progress](#feedback)         |
> | 4. Origin trial                          | Complete                         |
> | 5. **Launch**                            | **Complete** (Chromium&nbsp;100) |
> 
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
